Add explanation of `None` role in documentation and instructor gradebook view (#2008)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: doc/faq.md

See [Access control](accessControl.md) for more details.

## Why does a user have the role of None?

> Users with the role of `None` at one point have enrolled and, then, unenrolled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users with a role of `None` at one point added the course and later removed themselves.
```

> in the course. All data for anyone who ever did anything in the course

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All data for anyone who ever did anything in the course
```
